Improve the description of how to handle dynamic task generation (#17963)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/best-practices.rst

Top level Python Code
---------------------

> You should avoid writing the top level code which is not necessary to create Operators

Reviewer: Explain why you should avoid top level code

and build DAG relations between them. Specifically you should not run any database access,
heavy computations and networking operations. The code outside the Operator's ``execute`` methods

> runs every time Airflow parses an eligible python file, which happens at the minimum frequency of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
runs every time Airflow parses an eligible Python file, which happens at the minimum frequency of
```

:ref:`min_file_process_interval<config:scheduler__min_file_process_interval>` seconds.

> If you need to use some meta-data to prepare your DAG structure, you should prepare the meta-data externally.

Reviewer: Explain why should you prepare the metadata externally?

For example you can export from your database and publish together with the DAGs in a convenient file format

> (JSON, YAML formats are good candidates). Ideally it should be published in the same folder as DAG.

Reviewer: Explain why the metadata should be published in the same folder as DAG

> (JSON, YAML formats are good candidates). Ideally it should be published in the same folder as DAG.

Reviewer: Would replace "it" by "the metadata" here since the metadata is mentioned 2 sentences up, takes some mental thought to understand the sentence.

> If you do it, then you can read it from within the DAG by using constructs similar to

Reviewer: Again, clarify "it"

Top level Python Code
---------------------

You should avoid writing the top level code which is not necessary to create Operators
and build DAG relations between them. Specifically you should not run any database access,
heavy computations and networking operations. The code outside the Operator's ``execute`` methods
runs every time Airflow parses an eligible python file, which happens at the minimum frequency of

> :ref:`min_file_process_interval<config:scheduler__min_file_process_interval>` seconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
runs every time Airflow parses an eligible python file, which happens at the maximum frequency of once every
:ref:`min_file_process_interval<config:scheduler__min_file_process_interval>` seconds.
```

I think that the minimum frequency is unbounded, while the maximum parsing frequency is determined by `min_file_process_interval`.

Author: Oh yeah. The minimum/maximum notion of time/frequency is reversed I will update it to still keep minimum and refer to time rather than frequency to avoid confusion :D

If you need to use some meta-data to prepare your DAG structure, you should prepare the meta-data externally.
For example you can export from your database and publish together with the DAGs in a convenient file format
(JSON, YAML formats are good candidates). Ideally it should be published in the same folder as DAG.
If you do it, then you can read it from within the DAG by using constructs similar to
``os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__))`` to get the directory where you can load your files
from in such case.

> You can also generate directly Python code containing the meta-data. Then instead of reading content

Reviewer: Could you add a list at the start to give an overview of the options before diving in? For example:

... There are generally two approaches for creating dynamic DAGs ....:
1. Generate a meta-file (e.g. YAML/JSON) which is interpreted by a Python script which generates tasks/DAGs
2. Generate a Python object (e.g. dict) from which tasks & DAGs are generated

of such generated file from JSON or YAML, you can simply import objects generated in such Python files. That

> makes it easier to use such code from multiple DAGs without adding the extra code to find, load and parse

Reviewer: Would mention this approach first if it's the easier/preferred one.

the meta-data. This sounds strange, but it is surprisingly easy to generate such easy-to-parse and
valid Python code that you can import from your DAGs.

For example assume you dynamically generate (in your DAG folder), the ``my_company_utils/common.py`` file:

.. code-block:: python

    # This file is generated automatically !
    ALL_TASKS = ["task1", "task2", "task3"]

> Then you should be able to import and use the ``ALL_TASK`` constant in all your DAGs like that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can import and use the ``ALL_TASKS`` constant in all your DAGs like that:
```

            pass

Don't forget that in this case you need to add empty ``__init__.py`` file in the ``my_company_utils`` folder
and you should add the ``my_company_utils/.*`` line to ``.airflowignore`` file, so that the whole folder is
ignored by the scheduler when it looks for DAGs.

Triggering DAGs after changes
-----------------------------

Avoid triggering DAGs immediately after changing them or any other accompanying files that you change in the
DAG folder.

You should give the system sufficient time to process the changed files. This takes several steps.
First the files have to be distributed to scheduler - usually via distributed filesystem or Git-Sync, then
scheduler has to parse the python files and store them in the database. Depending on your configuration,
speed of your distributed filesystem, number of files, number of DAGs, number of changes in the files,
sizes of the files, number of schedulers, speed of CPUS, this can take from seconds to minutes, in extreme
cases many minutes. You need to observe yours system to figure out the delays you can experience, you can
also fine-tune that by adjusting Airflow configuration or increasing resources dedicated to Airflow

> components (CPUs, memory, I/O throughput etc.).

Reviewer: This sounds very complex and not very useful to a user IMO. How about suggesting to wait for a change to appear in the UI? Also, could you mention which configurations can be tuned in this situation?
